Scenario 1 : Predicting Likelihood Of ESigning a loan


Lending companies work by analyzing the financial history of their loan applicants , and choosing whether or not the application is too risky to be given a loan.
If the applicant is not, the company then determines the terms of the loan. These applicants are received by company via websites/ apps .Other times , lending companies partner with P2P lending marketplaces, in order to acquire leads of possible 
applicants . We are going to assess the quality of the  leads receieved through marketplace.






Goal : Develop a model to predict the 'quality' applicants, those who reach a key part of the loan application process.


Objective : Objective Of this case study is to analyze the leads and check what percentage of the leads actually 'e-sign' the application.






Scenario 2 :Breast Cancer Classification


Dataset contains around 30 features like radius,texture, perimeter, area,smoothness etc. And there are 2 target classes : Malignant and Benign.


Data :
# Import Cancer data drom the Sklearn library
from sklearn.datasets import load_breast_cancer
cancer = load_breast_cancer()


Objective : Analayze different parameters of a tumour and classify tumours into malignant or benign




Scenario 3 : Credit Card Fraud Detection 


Anyone can skim a credt card and try to use them for any purchase. The idea is to build a fraud detaction system for a retail store, where based on the previous usage
 pattern the store can identify if the creadit card user is a fraud or not .


Dataset is example of of a highly imbalanced dataset .


Example : There ca be rules like, if the card is from USA and being used in China, high chance is that trxn is fraud .




Scenario 4 : Customer Churn Analysis 


Subscription products often are the main source of revenue for companies across all industries.Regardless of how they 
structure their memberships or what industry they are in,companies always try to minimize customer churn.


To retain their customers, these companies first need to identify behavioal patterns that act as catayst in disengagement with the product


Objective : The goal is to predict which users are likely to churn, so that the company can focus on re engaging these users with their product.


we are assigned to identify those customers so that the company can design their promotion for those .